fin_de_semana
publico
equipo1_Athletic Club
equipo1_Atlético de Madrid
equipo1_CA Osasuna
equipo1_Cádiz CF
equipo1_Elche CF
equipo1_FC Barcelona
equipo1_Getafe CF
equipo1_Girona FC
equipo1_RC Celta de Vigo
equipo1_RCD Espanyol
equipo1_RCD Mallorca
equipo1_Rayo Vallecano
equipo1_Real Betis Balompié
equipo1_Real Madrid CF
equipo1_Real Sociedad
equipo1_Real Valladolid CF
equipo1_Sevilla FC
equipo1_UD Almería
equipo1_Valencia CF
equipo1_Villarreal CF
equipo2_Athletic Club
equipo2_Atlético de Madrid
equipo2_CA Osasuna
equipo2_Cádiz CF
equipo2_Elche CF
equipo2_FC Barcelona
equipo2_Getafe CF
equipo2_Girona FC
equipo2_RC Celta de Vigo
equipo2_RCD Espanyol
equipo2_RCD Mallorca
equipo2_Rayo Vallecano
equipo2_Real Betis Balompié
equipo2_Real Madrid CF
equipo2_Real Sociedad
equipo2_Real Valladolid CF
equipo2_Sevilla FC
equipo2_UD Almería
equipo2_Valencia CF
equipo2_Villarreal CF
mes_1
mes_2
mes_3
mes_4
mes_5
mes_6
mes_8
mes_9
mes_10
mes_11
mes_12
